lossless update (#46)
biometricITC/Fingerprint-Toolbox: FINGERPRINT_Toolbox_Overview.adoc

=== Flat PAI data acquisition and processing

> Fingerprint image acquisition for flat PAIs is the same for all attacks. An image of the subject’s finger is captured using a high quality commercial fingerprint scanner. The image can be from a slap or rolled image. If a rolled image is acquired, the evaluator may want to crop the fingerprint image to make a smaller mold containing only the central part of the fingerprint that would usually be in contact with the TOE sensor during normal operation. This region should be large enough to cover as much of the sensor as possible when presenting the PAI to the TOE. This same finger shall be used to enroll the subject into the TOE. Each image shall be acquired under controlled and favorable conditions so as to produce high quality friction ridge information. The image file is preferred to be in bitmap, TIFF, RAW or other lossless file formats when received from the scanner. Image files using the WSQ format are acceptable if lossless file formats are not available from the scanner.

Reviewer: I don't know if a "conditional **shall**" is acceptable, but I'd suggest altering the language to:

```suggestion
Fingerprint image acquisition for flat PAIs is the same for all attacks. An image of the subject’s finger is captured using a high quality commercial fingerprint scanner. The image can be from a slap or rolled image. If a rolled image is acquired, the evaluator may want to crop the fingerprint image to make a smaller mold containing only the central part of the fingerprint that would usually be in contact with the TOE sensor during normal operation. This region should be large enough to cover as much of the sensor as possible when presenting the PAI to the TOE. This same finger shall be used to enroll the subject into the TOE. Each image shall be acquired under controlled and favorable conditions so as to produce high quality friction ridge information. When supported by the scanner, the image file received shall be in bitmap, TIFF, RAW, or other lossless file formats. Image files using the WSQ format are acceptable if lossless file formats are not available from the scanner.
```

> Fingerprint image acquisition for flat PAIs is the same for all attacks. An image of the subject’s finger is captured using a high quality commercial fingerprint scanner. The image can be from a slap or rolled image. If a rolled image is acquired, the evaluator may want to crop the fingerprint image to make a smaller mold containing only the central part of the fingerprint that would usually be in contact with the TOE sensor during normal operation. This region should be large enough to cover as much of the sensor as possible when presenting the PAI to the TOE. This same finger shall be used to enroll the subject into the TOE. Each image shall be acquired under controlled and favorable conditions so as to produce high quality friction ridge information. The image file is preferred to be in bitmap, TIFF, RAW or other lossless file formats when received from the scanner. Image files using the WSQ format are acceptable if lossless file formats are not available from the scanner.

Reviewer: Be specific about the WSQ compression. FBI-certified WSQ algorithms must compress at both 5:1 and 15:1, so let's require the lower compression ratio. (GitHub isn't showing the diff because the line is too long, but only the last sentence has changed.)

```suggestion
Fingerprint image acquisition for flat PAIs is the same for all attacks. An image of the subject’s finger is captured using a high quality commercial fingerprint scanner. The image can be from a slap or rolled image. If a rolled image is acquired, the evaluator may want to crop the fingerprint image to make a smaller mold containing only the central part of the fingerprint that would usually be in contact with the TOE sensor during normal operation. This region should be large enough to cover as much of the sensor as possible when presenting the PAI to the TOE. This same finger shall be used to enroll the subject into the TOE. Each image shall be acquired under controlled and favorable conditions so as to produce high quality friction ridge information. The image file is preferred to be in bitmap, TIFF, RAW or other lossless file formats when received from the scanner. If the scanner does not support lossless acquisition, image files using the WSQ format at a bitrate of 2.25 (≅5:1 compression) shall be used instead.
```

Author: I have edited the original sentence to include the compression
